Newberry Road ~ Trailhead access for the end (30.1 mile) of Wildwood Trail. Limited parking, pedestrian access only.
Newton Road ~ Provides access to Newton Road & Firelane 10. This area is open to pedestrians, cyclists, and equestrians. Provides pedestrian access to Wildwood Trail via a short connector trail. Small parking lot at trailhead.
Germantown: Wildwood Trail ~ Trailhead access to Wildwood/Canon Trail for pedestrians only. Parking available on both sides of Germantown.
Upper Springville Road ~ Small parking lot and turn around which provides access to Springville Road and Firelane 7. Springville is open to pedestrians, cyclists, and equestrians; FL7 is open only to pedestrians and equestrians. Also nearby are the Hardesty, Trillium, and Ridge Trails which are pedestrian access only.
Ridge Trail ~ Roadside pullout with minimal parking trailhead access from Ridge Trail, which is open only to pedestrian use. To find the trailhead, park at the obvious pull-out on the way down Bridge Ave, roughly 0.2 mile, to find actual trailhead which is closer to bridge '92s western terminus.
Upper Saltzman & Firelane 5 ~ Small trailhead parking area provide access to pedestrian and bike use.
Lower Saltzman Road ~ Access to Saltzman Road, which climbs through the park up to NW Skyline Blvd. Open to pedestrians and cyclists. This trailhead is also provides the most direct access to the Maple Trail, which is open only to pedestrians.
Forest Lane: Firelane 1 ~ Trailhead access to FL1, which is open to pedestrians, cyclists, and equestrians. Follow Forest Lane until it dead ends at a gate and find parking along the road (without blocking the gate). Equestrian access with a trailer can be problematic as turn-around space is limited.
NW 53rd: Birch Trail/Holman Lane ~ The trailhead for Birch Trail, which is only open to pedestrian use. The Birch Trail intersects with the Wildwood Trail in 0.22 miles. It also provides access to Holman Lane, which is open to pedestrians and cyclists (riding uphill only).
NW 53rd: Dogwood & Wild Cherry Trails ~ Trailhead access for the Dogwood & Wild Cherry Trails, both of which are open only to pedestrian use.
Thurman: Leif Erikson Drive ~ Provides access to Leif Erickson Drive which is open to pedestrians, cyclists, and equestrians. Equestrian access is not recommended from this trailhead as parking is limited. Also nearby is the Wild Cherry Trail which is open only to pedestrians.
Germantown: Leif Erikson Drive ~ Provides access to the 11-mile Leif Erikson Drive which is open to pedestrians, cyclists, and equestrians.
Aspen Trail ~ This trailhead provides access to the Aspen Trail, which is only open to pedestrians. The Aspen Trail connects to the Wildwood Trail in 0.23 miles. Parking is limited to on-street.
Lower Macleay Park ~ One of Forest Park's most popular entry points, this trailhead provides access to the Lower Macleay Trail, which is only open to pedestrian use. This trail parallels Balch Creek, one of Forest Park's few year-round streams, which supports a resident population of cutthroat trout. You can access the Wildwood Trail .84 mile up this trail, which also happens to be the location of the Stone House, a remnant rest station from the WPA era.
Holman Lane ~ This trailhead provides access the lower end of Holman Lane, which is open to cyclists riding uphill only. There is a maintained meadow near the trailhead, a unique feature in Forest Park.
Upper Macleay Park ~ Trailhead access to the Wildwood Trail, which is only open to pedestrian use. Parking is only available on the north side of the road. You can travel in either direction on the Wildwood '96 north (dropping into Balch Creek) or south (cross NW Cornell and begin the steep climb to Pittock Mansion).
Pittock Mansion Area ~ Access to Pittock Mansion, and to the Wildwood Trail heading north and south from this location. As you might imagine, the trail quickly loses elevation in both directions.
Tunnel & Cumberland Trails ~ Trailhead access for the Tunnel and Cumberland Trails, both of which are open only to pedestrian use.